back on the m42 pcs Griffiths and liners
are still questioning the woman who they
believe has been economical with the
truth the address on your driving
licence is different to what you've just
told us it's slightly different
they don't think she's insured to drive
but they can't prove it until they can
track down her name and address
tell me again and she's keeping up on
the small details about five years I
think six years she didn't know the
correct name of the road she got it
slightly wrong and she also got the
postcode wrong you're not even getting
anywhere near the address but you
retinol is here for five years you know
close to only if you've lived somewhere
for five years you must know the address
yeah turn / View Road now Fairview Drive
has become Fairview Road obviously you
should you would be expected to know
your address after that length of time
so the cops take a different line by
trying to find out if she actually has
insurance on a car that she says she
does own what address is your vehicle it
said my mom's I addressed and she's
insured to drive that is that fully calm
so you say you've got red fiesta well I
think it's no
yes but summer Eva that's what dad's car
yeah what about the matiz it's
registered to you but her story is
riddled with inconsistencies I didn't
think she was convincing
she wasn't convincing me and she wasn't
convincing down the overall impression
that I know that we were both getting
was that there was a lot of Lies being
told to us
who's Rosemarie the sister sorry we have
the system is that another sister yeah
I've got Rosemarie I've got Brendan
Geraldine and myself Brenda and I've
gone there's there's Brenda oh that's me
and we knew then we tripped her up then
he just made a bit of a slip then didn't
use and we've got this this and Brenda
her story has finally fallen apart they
now know for sure she's not Brenda
Plowman as she's been claiming all along
there was no going back for her at that
point then and she realized then that
she'd made a big mistake
hang on no no no no wait wait wait how
do I find your sister's number on here
so just tell me which buttons menu no
names and so your sisters there's no
Geraldine you told me her number was in
your phone
in desperation almost dances I'm gonna
look in your handbag when I look in your
bag at that point I'm not searching for
any stolen property or any drugs
I merely want to get some identification
she was very unhappy about us having
look in her handbag I think most women
would be but by this time I think both
our patients were wearing a bit thin
okay how do you explain this then
right now tell me the truth lo and
behold it was not Brenda Pam when it was
Geraldine Stephens with a perfect photo
match to the driver why have you given
me false details
no no suddenly she reached forward
through the center console and tried to
grab the handbag back and I had to grab
her sit back in the car you're under
arrest for obstructing you did not have
to say anything it may harm your defense
if you do not make sure one question is
something you later rely on in court do
you understand why you've been arrested
hurt ma'am
for obstructing us in your duty you do
feel vindicated you certainly get
satisfaction knowing that yes you were
right and your your hunch was right that
she was lying we got there in the end
at least we know who she is she said
that her name was Brenda Plowman however
her passport says that she's geraldine
stevens we're going to do is take her
back to the police station make a few
further inquiries with her identity find
out what the status is regarding a
driving license and we'll go from there